Idiom leave him alone
He should never have been at this invitation
It may be obtained by what means
Idiom let's go
Let's go!
We have just announced the best male singer
Best Female Singer and other awards
We're going to enact a very special
Very important award
Could it be that the idiom is behind my back?
What grand prize did you secretly run for me?
I believe those who follow us Albert know
These few years
There has always been a very mysterious winner
Best lyricist and composer every year
But never showed up to accept the award
I win awards every year but never receive them
Hey
Could it be that particularly mysterious Witt?
Oh, I know him.
He's very talented.
Most of the best songs in the song world are written by him
No, the microblob is so mysterious
How will you participate?
Albert must be the idiom that secretly surprised me